good I am macho, boys understand
because it gives me panic as well as knowing
years in kindergarten and then he sees me in
real life not blind but it's going to
say that I am very photogenic and it is very
problematic without general picture because of
soon I feel like I'm going to meet
someone does not have to when I say how I
I will arrive as to the appointment I will see in
his face the face of disappointment that the
people you want when I heard like your feet or
a saucer of flu why
I finally left
and I have a coat what yes
I actually met online because
hope has been lost is a bit to say
house as deciding to meet someone
over the internet like saying to see holes
good love before I am
well enough for me to
forgive the myspace angle of my life
if it is known as this same one is not
know then he did not run away and so
always looking to be the good
you no longer have a house of flats or houses
there and we have to have sex of some
way and by whatsapp in sex by
walter is not enough with that
like the brothers are a little
insufficient equally but it is still
well now I have to use language I do not know
how the language as as as the
sexting and has left but but I put everything
like everything in all the language type
of habit kings that I know learning
to turn on porn because if I'm not from
the old ones that you have to read 16 about
iodine
who knows
that means that google is fine
among many others
but events like that all the language
who will have to learn porn and
then I feel that suddenly like that
do not know we are the limit you know how
I do not know I do not know if at some point I'm going
to do like too much
aggressive and do not breastfeed that in one of those
stop seeing how the mother of her
children
because you can hit because it looks bad
as in society after the children yes
and that's fine, I think maybe
that is to that new education of the
children maybe it works why because
Well now there are no children
disobedient and immaculate I do not know
these fucking super hipster parents if
they were Egyptian or the good thing is that
these parents of the days they are and meego
it is not either to vaccinate their children
then then probably the flu
common does not save that there are adults
yes
adults and hipsters alone
let's talk too but we can
yes I think I think what else I
excited as well as pregnancy and
maternity maternity clothes
I have to start considering lowering
of weight because it has already started is the clothes of
maternity for comfort yes also already
I started pretending that I'm pregnant by
social comfort because it may not be
unacceptable that you are overweight do not
think you 're fat and trade for 2
and like the occasional belly rise that
I a little too often
that any physical contact even
the females we can not find
fat
now see the photos of pregnant women
so if they put in the facebook and are
marked enter super skinny mark
I do not know how he was flying
I feel that I do believe that as
memories of the maternal womb like that
people who are going up is instead of
be like a super comfortable bubble going
to be like from taking a nap
in the caves of cacahuamilpa it will not be
very common manquillo that and others like that
now even pregnant women as
forced to have as I do not know
they touch their thighs because they do not
is going to be that more than the child without
warn
I have a corridor where it is tomorrow
if I'm feeding like this as the
baby as with him
and as with earth
in addition bands speak as if not
they were lying head on the ground
when I was a child
today they will see happening more friendly
I like sex is one thing that
recently I think he is not father
violent what is not father is the
pilot that implemented the pilot who
for those who have a ground floor their
home
after after catching the asshole and
the old question that we are that part
our so girl that is violent
because better than if he 's a hundred father of
nobody while catching but not so much that
test apple while talking